c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.exe.config
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.exe
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.pdb
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\GameWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlJoinGame.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlMenu.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlCreateGame.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlGame.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlProfile.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlReplay.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToJoin.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToSpectate.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectate.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectateGame.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlWatchReplayes.g.cs
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\GameWindow.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlJoinGame.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlMenu.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlCreateGame.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlGame.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlProfile.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlReplay.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToJoin.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToSpectate.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectate.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectateGame.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlWatchReplayes.baml
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.g.resources
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.exe
c:\Users\TAMIR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.pdb
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlRegister.g.cs
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlLogin.baml
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlRegister.baml
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Communication.exe
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Communication.pdb
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Communication.exe.config
C:\Users\TAMIR\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.exe.config
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.exe
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.pdb
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\GameWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlJoinGame.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlCreateGame.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlGame.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlRegister.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlReplay.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToJoin.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToSpectate.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectate.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectateGame.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlWatchReplayes.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.exe
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.pdb
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Communication.exe
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Communication.pdb
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\GameWindow.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlJoinGame.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlLogin.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlMenu.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlCreateGame.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlGame.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlProfile.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlRegister.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlReplay.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToJoin.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToSpectate.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectate.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectateGame.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlWatchReplayes.baml
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.g.resources
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\avner\Downloads\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.exe.config
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.exe
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.pdb
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Communication.exe
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Communication.pdb
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Communication.exe.config
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\GameWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlJoinGame.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlCreateGame.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlGame.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlRegister.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlReplay.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToJoin.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToSpectate.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectate.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectateGame.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlWatchReplayes.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\GameWindow.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlJoinGame.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlLogin.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlMenu.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlCreateGame.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlGame.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlProfile.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlRegister.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlReplay.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToJoin.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSearchToSpectate.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectate.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlSpectateGame.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\UserControlWatchReplayes.baml
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.g.resources
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.exe
C:\Users\Doron\Downloads\Client\Client\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.pdb
